Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps. Our last story today comes from the Washington Examiner.
reports president biden is now ordered free transgender surgeries for anyone in the military. of course they're not really free.
They're paid for by you, the taxpayer.
Even if you object.
Washington Examiner says taxpayers will now foot the bill for gender reassignment surgery for active military personnel and veterans.
With some treatments costing up to two hundred thousand dollars.
under an executive order signed by Joe Biden, tucked inside Biden's 25 January transgender order.
is "is quote"
Enabling all
Qualified Americans to serve their country in uniform, and, quote,
But there's an extra clause in there that repeals an Obama era policy that prohibited federally funding
Of reassignment surgeries.
This was followed up by memories for memos from both the
secretary of defense lloyd eston.
and veterans affairs secretary dennis mcdonough.
Specifically stating that surgery is now an added benefit.
For example, SecDef Austin wrote the following quote,
this revised policy will also ensure that medically necessary transition related care authorized by law is available to all service members.
End quote.
Free hormone injections,
Free,
What Rush Limbaugh loving you used to call the?
and addictive knee surgery.
The online charts
By the Philadelphia Center for Transgender Surgery,
Show a plethora of elective surgeries for both men and women.
That add up to one hundred thousand or two hundred thousand dollars in costs,
Funded by you, the taxpayer. Thanks, Biden.
although biden stated in his order that the cost of treating transgender transgender troops would have a minimal impact on healthier costs that is not borne out by twenty nineteen.
USA Today, USA Today.
Investigation.
That news analysts
Ah, revealed that the Pentagon spent eight million dollars to treat just fifteen hundred transgender military officers.
Which included hormone treatments, some surgeries, not clear why the surgery is
Were allowed at that time when it was illegal,
But they've already, you've already been paying for this
Another federal study revealed that more than 15,000 service members and
over a hundred thousand veterans.
Are now confused about their gender.
Representative Jim Banks, an Indiana Republican,
Afghanistan veteran who sits on the house
Committee on Veteran Affairs.
He says he supports transgender serving in the military and.
He served with people of diverse backgrounds, but he disputes that the public should pay for this.
Surgical intervention.
The order also violates religious liberties of Catholics and Christians, like those doctors who oppose.
Participating in such procedures.
Thanks to the Washington Examiner for that report.
uh listen here's what the bible says right and the bible is very clear.
And I know with America
As as principal and bottom of the said right.
There's no longer a Christian nation.
Well, I think that's not true. I think Christians,
Eighty five percent of Americans self-identify as Christian. you, the taxpayers, are being forced to pay for this nonsense by one political party who does not have your interests in mind.
We are a Christian nation.
And we're not following this scripture. The Bible says in Deuteronomy 23, 18
He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into the congregation of the Lord.
Did you know religious freedom is under fire in our military today?
Our troops did not have protection, for example,
Military chapels are now being desecrated by homosexual wedding ceremonies.
on bases in all 50 states.
Our troops are now also faced punishment if they dare to object
To shoring common sleeping quarters or common shower facilities.
Or if chaplains dare to quote the Bible during private counseling that declares that homosexuality is a sin.
Nobody in her military should be forced to violate their Christian conscience.
especially their right to pray publicly in Jesus' name. Let's take action today for religious freedom.
Would you sign a petition with me? Visit PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Let's defend religious freedom for our troops.
Take action today. Dr. Chaps needs you to sign today's petition right now.
Again, visit PrayInJesusName.org to sign our petition right now. Thank you.